Good news. everyone!
Well? What is it?
What is what?
Oh. right!
Ladies and gentlemen.
We'll be delivering
this mysterious crate
to Peebles Alpha.
Peebles Alpha?
The planet of gangs.
thugs and hustlers?
Ooh! Let's go!
Let's go! Let's go!
Hang on.
If we're delivering
a package to criminals.
I want to know what's in it.
I have no idea. Leela.
But I'll tell you
the same thing
they told me.
"Stop asking questions. old man.
"and we'll slip you
an extra five grand
"that your crew doesn't
need to know about."
Now. listen carefully.
This planet is controlled
by two rival gangs.
the Blips and the Cruds.
You can tell them
apart by their colors.
red and blue.
Which gang's red.
and which gang's blue?
Both!
The delivery is
going to the Blips.
So when you meet them.
you'll want to be wearing
these jerseys.
Not these jerseys.
'Cause if you're wearing
these. you'll be killed
on the spot.
Okay. here are your jerseys.
No. wait. Here.
No. Wait...
Does anyone else find
this delivery suspicious?
Nope. He's too dumb
and I don't care.
Well. I'm smart
and I care too much.
I want to know
what's in that crate.
But we're not
allowed to open it!
I know that!
Go get me a crowbar.
Please. use mine.
I just need it in case. uh...
Fry gets his head
stuck in a pot of honey.
And in the meantime.
if I should happen
to bump
into the crate and open it...
Whoopsie!
Hey. Leela.
Fry got his head
stuck in a pot of honey!
Oh. bother.
Not now!
What is it?
Alcohol? Tobacco?
Firearms?
Firearms!
That's the one I was
secretly hoping for.
I'm okay with most
kinds of violence.
but not gang violence.
Before we deliver these weapons.
we're going to disable them
so they can never be used.
Bender. bend the barrels.
But I love guns!
Then pretend they're
little human necks.
What? Let me at 'em!
A lot of ships get
stolen on this planet.
so. Bender.
stay here
and stand guard.
Okay.
I hope I never
see you again.
Uh. I don't like
the looks of this
gang-infested neighborhood.
There might be spiders!
We must have made a wrong turn.
We should have reached
Blip turf by now.
You think we walked
straight out of Blipton?
Wait. there's some Blips.
Those aren't Blips!
They're Cruds!
They have the red on the left.
Oh. no!
What should we do?
Leela. this is no time
to show me your boobs!
Turn your jersey inside out.
Oh!
Show me again.
Yo. what you doing on our turf?
Chill. dawg.
Ain't no thang.
We Cruds.
Well. we Blips and we over here.
We put up that mirror
'cause this is
a blind intersection.
It's considerably reduced
the number of accidents.
It don't do nothing
for the murder rate. though.
Now get down on your knees
so we can blow
your Crud brains out!
Um.
Leela. remember when
we were trying to guess
what would happen
if someone stuck
a gun in my face.
and you said
I'd probably
crap my pants?
Well...
Excuse me. sir?
We're not actually
Blips or Cruds.
We're delivery people.
here to deliver this crate.
So if everything
seems to be in order.
we'll be on our way. a'ight?
Oh. it's far from a'ight.
Now. hold up!
It's a'ight. all right?
It's a Crud and he's got a gun!
Yo. you just shot
your own reflection
in the mirror.
It was self-defense.
We are the Cruds.
but we're over here.
And don't shoot.
That crate
is a gift from us.
What?
Huh?
For real?
There's been
enough violence
on these streets.
Too many lives
and mirrors have
been shattered.
So. yo. we sent you
a crate of weapons
as a sign of trust.
Together. we can use
them to rid our streets
of the real enemy.
giant spiders.
I knew it!
Man. that's a nice gesture.
We accept your offer of peace.
Let's just have
a look at these
top-quality weapons.
I'll test it out on that
innocent bystander.
Ow!
Yo. you just shot
yourself again!
It's a trick!
Get 'em!
Look. let's just
agree that gang violence
is an important issue
with no easy answers.
Okay.
Anyway.
the ship's still here.
And nothing was stolen.
Yeah. it was.
I got bot-jacked!
All I have left is my cigar.
Wait...
They stole everything
except my mouth and eyes.
I guess they didn't like
all my screaming and winking.
It's just lucky Bender
had a RoJack installed.
When I activate it.
the police should be
able to locate him.
Locating. Locating.
Located.
It's a robot chop shop.
That's some primordial evil.
This skell here
buys stolen robots.
strips 'em down.
and sells the parts
all over the galaxy.
Okay.
I'm getting a signal
from Bender's RoJack.
Nah. it's just a piece of junk.
That's not junk!
That's Bender's head!
My head?
Slap me upside it!
Ah! Home. sweet head.
That's it?
Where's the rest of him?
All other parts sold.
But I have list of buyers.
You drop charges.
I give you list.
No dice.
Justice don't
work that way.
Wait. Wait.
What if I throw in
giant robot head
for nice officer?
Hmm.
Thanks for all
your help. officer!
My pleasure.
Boy. Bender.
you sure were
chock full of parts.
I didn't even know
you had a wishbone.
I had a lot of magic things.
And we'll never
get them all back.
Oh. sure we will.
If we live a really long time.
Let's get started.
Come in. come in.
Close the door.
You're letting
the smut out.
All right. buddy.
We know for a fact
that you received
a stolen item.
A certain sensitive
part of my anatomy.
What. you mean your antenna?
Shh!
Watch your language.
This ain't a church. lady.
Except for tax purposes.
Anyway. I can't help you.
One of my customers
already bought
your friend's antenna.
Oh. excuse me. robo-dong.
Who was it?
Can you give us a name?
Certainly not.
I could never betray
a customer's privacy.
All I can give you is this
naked picture of him
taken from my toilet cam.
I'll get right
to the point. senator.
You purchased
our friend's.
ahem. antenna.
We'd like it back.
- You may have it.
- I'm through with it.
It has done everything
and everyone imaginable.
You may want to
get it disinfected.
Can do.
Sorry. guys.
I'm gonna have
to confiscate your keg.
It's my body.
Oh. come on. Bender!
Can you at least
wait till it's empty?
Fair enough.
Fry. beer me.
Glug. glug. glug. glug.
glug. glug. glug. glug!
Ah!
It's empty!
I'm 40% back. baby!
Sorry. but these robot arms
have brought me
nothing but luck.
With the cards.
And with the ladies.
Whoa! Sir!
But those are my arms!
That's gropey and that's cheaty.
Cheaty?
Now. gentlemen.
I'm sure we can...
Well. then. I'll just
collect my winnings
and be on my...
Oh!
Much obliged.
All right. Tinny.
your double leg
transplant is complete.
What do you say
you give 'em a try?
It's a miracle!
I can walk!
No more crutch or withered leg!
Someone's sure to adopt me now!
Well. Bender. I guess
you won't be getting
your legs back.
But your sacrifice
will let an innocent child
live a full and happy life.
I'm sorry.
You were saying
something?
Oh. crumb.
I guess it's back
to the cart for me.
Ooh! Nice cart.
Hey. this thing's pretty smooth.
But I still prefer walking.
Well. we did it.
We got all
Bender's parts back.
Wrong as always. Fry!
I'm still missing
the shiniest
metal piece of all.
Your thyroid?
No! I'm talking
about my ass!
Huh! I never even
knew you had an ass.
Hmm. According to this.
it shipped out
on a freighter
from South Street Spaceport.
Oh. yes.
I remember that ass.
Let's see.
Oh. God. no!
It was on board
the Floatwell!
The ship
that sank in that
horrible space storm?
Yes. I'm afraid
your friend's derriere
is lost forever
in the depths of
the Sargaseous Sea.
My ass!
Sweet love of my life!
Several hundred
people died. too.
including my wife.
My ass!
I'm sorry. buddy.
Maybe we can
get you a new one.
Never!
My ass is my soul mate.
It even has its own hind-brain.
Really?
Your butt can think?
No.
But it can feel.
And right now.
it's hind-heartbroken!
Just like me!
Wow. Bender.
This is really important
to you. isn't it?
Uh-huh!
Okay. we're gonna
find that shipwreck
and get you your backside back.
Okay. let's go.
The ship carrying
Bender's heinie sank
in the treacherous gases
of the Sargaseous Sea.
Once we locate the wreck...
Asteroids!
Curse this interstellar fog.
Why isn't there a lighthouse
to guide us away
from the rocks?
I don't know.
but look out for
that lighthouse!
So you're alive. are ye?
Ugh! I suppose
you'll be wanting to
keep your tooth fillin's.
Are ye hurt?
No. but we could use a hug.
Better come inside then.
Name's Tarquin.
Been alone here.
tending this light
longer'n I can remember.
That'll be my cup-a-soup.
It's been microwavin'
longer'n I can remember.
This is a dangerous coast.
We didn't see your light
until it was too late.
No beam can pierce
that devilish mist.
Shipwrecks be so common.
I make a good livin'
out of whatever
washes ashore.
Found me a whole
blue man group once.
So you have two jobs?
More.
I also salvage the wrecks
with my bathysphere.
and I'm a butcher.
if you like blue meat.
Sounds good.
but about that
bathysphere.
We want to salvage
a cargo ship that sank
carrying this robot's rear end.
Aye. I'll help ye
for a cut of the booty.
Now. when you say
a cut of the booty...
I mean
a percentage of the value
of the recovered goods.
Now be gettin' some rest.
The booty call is at daybreak.
Those sound like
one-eyed corpse screams.
Oh. how I wish I was
down there with ye.
Let's not forget
that this shipwreck
is also
the final resting place
of this brave captain.
Place your bets.
Whee!
That's it.
I'm sure. I can tell by
the words on the crate!
Oh. my beloved.
You complete me.
Hurry on inside now.
Storm's a-brewin'.
I can feel it in my
weather channel app.
Soon the sea will be
belchin' her dead
upon the shore.
If you like your
shoes unmatched and
with feet still in 'em.
this is your night.
Can't you make
the beacon
any brighter?
Nay. 'tis already
the brightest object
in the known universe.
and even so. it can't
be seen three feet away
in a storm like this.
I thought we were
near the rocks.
but I don't see the lighthouse.
so everything is
fine and we can relax.
All hands on deck for mojitos.
The important thing is.
I got my final piece back.
Hey. Fry. take a picture
of me biting my own
shiny metal ass.
I'd be honored.
Ah!
You muddled
the mint well.
Alejandro.
The lighthouse!
Dead ahead!
Aye!
Well. I'm sure
Bender's fanny is tired.
As soon
as this storm passes.
let's be on our way.
Sargaseous lighthouse.
this is the S.S.
Miami Muy Caliente.
Thank you for
your glorious beacon.
It saved our lives
and our Saturday night.
Adios.
Your aft-plate.
Its fiery gleam saved a ship
full of South Beach swabbies.
Well. I do polish it every day.
and I sleep in a chamois diaper.
It's 100 times more
reflective than the mirror
in my beacon.
Might I keep it
for the lighthouse?
What? No!
But. Bender.
your buttocks
could save lives.
I hate lives!
These are sailors' lives.
Bender.
Think of the untold cursing
that would be lost
to future generations.
Could you live with that?
You know the answer.
you scurvy bastard!
Maybe I have been selfish.
hiding my ass under a bushel.
Perhaps.
like all great men.
my ass has a destiny.
And if it does.
I can't stand in its way.
Bender. come join us.
We're watching Rear Window.
I used to stick my
rear out the window.
If you prefer.
we could watch
Behind the Music.
My behind used to make music.
Backdraft is on.
Even my ass wouldn't watch that.
Bender. I'm proud of you
for the sacrifice you made.
Try and find solace
in the fact that
somewhere out there.
your keister is doing good.
Well. my shiny friend.
yer days of carousin'
are over.
But yer nights of endless.
monotonous rotatin'
have just begun.
Now what say I read
you a nice passage
from the Scripture
to help you forget
yer old master?
"In the sanctuary. he made
two cherubim of olive-wood.
"each 10 cubits high
and one wing measured
five cubits.
"And the other wing measured
five cubits from the tip..."
Oh. no! Our son Johnny
fell down the gravity well!
Thank you. Assie.
Bender? It's for you.
Assie?
Oh. Assie. you came home!
You came home.